Description
-----------

The colorShow utility functionality depends on the COMMAND (see "usage" section below)

- "show" command. Draws color rectangle on you terminal. The terminal have to support true color.
Because the full color space has three dimensions (either HSL or RGB) we print only one
slice of the color space while fixing one axis. For example if you fix "red" channel for
some value you will see square with different green and blue values and with a specified
red value.

- "rgb" or "hsl" commands. Print full info about the specified color.


Notes
-----
- In order to use -g / -G switches or "grabc" command the grabc tool should be installed.
  Use "apt install grabc" on debian based systems or appropriate dnf/pacman/etc... commands
  for another systems
- "grabc" functionality doesn't work on Ubuntu mate / mate-terminal.
- Inspired by "pastel" tool (https://github.com/sharkdp/pastel.git)


Usage
-----
        colorShow <COMMAND> <COMMAND_PARAMS> [SWITCHES]

Command are

show    - Draw slice of HSL cylinder or RGB cube, see commands parameters below:
    h HUE   - Print this hue with different saturation/luminosity, must be between 0 - 360
    s SAT   - Print this saturation with different hue/luminosity, must be between 0 - 1 or 0% - 100%
    l LUM   - Print this luminosity with different hue/saturation, must be between 0 - 1 or 0% - 100%
    r RED   - Print green/blue matrix with specified red level, must be between 0-255 (0x00-0xff)
    g GREEN - Print red/blue matrix with specified green level, must be between 0-255 (0x00-0xff)
    b BLUE  - Print red/blue matrix with specified blue level, must be between 0-255 (0x00-0xff)

rgb     - Show info about specified color in RGB format, command params may be one of the following:
    #XXXXXX - Where X is a hexa character
    XXXXXX - Where X is a hexa character
    R G B   - Three values for R, G and B, values must be between 0 - 255
        May be integer, hexa (with a 0x prefix), float or percentage

hsl     - Show info about specified color in HSL format, command params are:
    H S L   - Three values for hue, saturation and luminosity
        Hue value must be between 0 - 360, may be either integer or float
        saturation and luminosity values may be float (between 0.0 - 1.0)
        or percentage between 0% and 100%

grabc   - Using external "grabc" command to grab the color and then prints the color info

Switches are:
    -h       - print this message
    -q       - Quiet mode, print colors only without additional info.
    -c COLS  - Amount of columns use for the print, default is 168
    -r ROWS  - Amount of rows use for the print, default is 41
    -g       - Grab color and print its info after "show" command. Note that "grabc" external command
               should be installed, to install it use "apt install grabc" in case of debian based systems
    -G       - Same as "-g" but grab the color in an indefinite loop

Examples:
    colorShow show s 0.7
        Draw color rectangle with saturation 0.7 and different hue and luminosity on a full screen
    colorShow show l 30% -c 40 -r 25
        Draw color rectangle with luminosity 0.3 and different hue and saturation
        using a rectangle with 40 columns and 25 rows
    colorShow show r 0x80 -q -g
        Draw color rectangle with red level 0.5 and different green and blue on a full screen
        without decoration
        Grab color with mouse and print its info after the action
    colorShow rgb 407090
        Show info about the #407090 color
    colorShow hsl 180 0.3 60%
        Show info about the color with hue 180, saturation 0.3 and luminosity 0.6
